From mosoladonavan at netscape.net  Sat May  7 14:55:20 2005
From: mosoladonavan at netscape.net (M.Donavan)
Date: Sat, 7 May 2005 14:55:20 +0200
Subject: [Luca-erp-users] =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Gesch=E4ftliches?= Angebot
Message-ID: <200505071256.j47Cugm06310@bat.berlios.de>

Gesch?ftliches Angebot

Sie m?gen ?berrascht sein, diesen Brief von mir zu erhalten, da Sie mich 
nicht pers?nlich kennen. Der Grund meiner Vorstellung ist, dass ich Mosola 
Donavan der ?lteste Sohn von Louis Donavan  bin, einem Farmer in Simbabwe, 
der k?rzlich im Landstreit in meinem Land ermordet wurde.

Ich bekam den Kontakt zu Ihnen ?ber das Internet, daher beschloss ich Ihnen 
zu schreiben.Vor dem Tod meines Vaters hatte er mich mit nach Accra -Ghana 
genommen, um 18,5 Millionen US-$ in eine Bank zu hinterlegen, da er die 
lauernde Gefahr in Simbabwe voraussah, legte er sein Geld in Form von 
Edelsteinen an. Die Summe war gedacht zum Erwerb neuer Maschinen und 
Chemikalien f?r die Farmen und zur Etablierung einer neuen Farm in 
Swaziland.

Die Landprobleme begannen, als unser Pr?sident Robert Mugabe eine 
Landreform einf?hrte, die sich vorwiegend auf wei?e reiche Farmer und 
einige wenige schwarze Farmer auswirkte und in der Ermordung und ?berf?llen 
durch Kriegsveteranen und einige andere Geistesgest?rte gipfelte.

Tats?chlich wurden eine Menge Menschen ermordet, eines der Opfer war mein 
Vater.
Wegen dieses Hintergrundes floh ich mit meiner Familie aus Simbabwe, nach 
Ghana um unsre Leben zu retten und ich lebe selbst in den Niederlanden, wo 
ich studiere in eine Universit?t.

Als dem ?ltesten Sohn meines Vaters bin ich verantwortlich f?r die Suche 
nach einem geeignetes Konto, in eine zivilisiert L?nder wohin wir unser 
Geld ohne Wissen meiner Regierung, die uns alles nehmen will was wir 
besitzen, transferieren k?nnen.Die ganz Afrikanische Regierung scheint 
gemeinsame Sache mit ihnen zu machen.Ich bin konfrontiert mit dem Dilemma, 
diesen Geldbetrag aus Ghana zu holen in der Angst, die gleichen Erfahrungen 
noch einmal zu machen, alle afrikanischen L?nder haben die gleiche 
politische Geschichte,folglich habe ich kein Vertrauen.

Als Gesch?ftsmann suche ich einen Partner, dem ich meine Zukunft 
anvertrauen kann und die meiner Familie. Ich muss Ihnen noch mitteilen, 
dass diese Transaktion risikolos ist.Wenn Sie mir und meiner Familie 
beistehen wollen, m?chte ich von Ihnen nur, dass Sie ein Arrangement mit 
der Sicherheits- Abteilung der Chartered bank of Ghana machen f?r die 
?bergabe der Fonds durch unser Familienrechtsanwalt.

Vorher m?ssen die Modalit?ten zum Wechsel des Besitzes der Anlagen und noch 
wichtiger des Geldes, das ich zu investieren gedachte, stattgefunden haben. 
Ich habe zwei Optionen f?r Sie, erstens k?nnen Sie w?hlen, einen bestimmten 
Prozentsatz des Geldes f?r die Nutzung Ihres Kontos f?r die Transaktion zu 
bekommen. Oder Sie k?nnen zweitens in eine Partnerschaft mit mir treten um 
das Geld sehr viel profitabler in Ihrem Land zu investieren. Welche Option 
Sie auch w?hlen, f?hlen Sie sich frei, sich bei mir zu melden.

Ich plane 5% des Geldes f?r alle Arten von Unkosten im Prozess der 
Transaktionen zu verwenden. Sollten Sie keine Partnerschaft bevorzugen, bin 
ich gewillt 10% des Geldes zu bezahlen, w?hrend die restlichen 85% f?r 
Investitionen in Ihrem Land gedacht sind.Nehmen Sie Kontakt mit mir ?ber 
dieses E-Mail -Adresse:donavanmosola at netscape.net ich  bitte Sie inst?ndig 
absolutes Stillschweigen ?ber diese Transaktion zu wahren.

Danke, Gott segne Sie!

M.Donavan.


From sophin at yahoo.com  Sat May  7 17:15:47 2005
From: sophin at yahoo.com (MRS. SOPHIA HALENDALE)
Date: Sat, 7 May 2005 17:15:47 +0200
Subject: [Luca-erp-users] CONGRATULATION!!!
Message-ID: <200505071515.j47FFqm11660@bat.berlios.de>

THE  FREE LOTTO INTERNATIONAL.
GRUNDER 107
2340 VC MIJTENSTAAT,
DEN-HAAG
THE NETHERLANDS.
www.freelotto.com

FROM: THE DESK OF THE MANAGING DIRECTOR

THE FREE LOTTO INTERNATIONAL: WINNING FINAL NOTIFICATION.CONGRATULATIONS!!!

We are please to announce you as one of the 10 lucky winners in the Free Lotto draw held on the 7th  May, 2005. All 10 winning addresses were
randomly selected from a batch of 50,000,000 international emails. Your email address emerged alongside 9 others as a category 2 winner in this
year's Annual Free Lotto Draw.

Consequently, you have therefore been approved for a total pay out of $1,000,000 US DOLLARS (One Million United States Dollars) only. In order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers:

Ticket Number: 1754206587 BATCH: 4279/NL  he file Ref Number: 232/656/FLC Lucky Numbers 8-16-18-23-31-11 Lotto code number: FLCH1109 Please contact the under-listed claims officer as soon as possible for the immediate release of your winnings:

MR. BARRY HOOK
Tel: +31-612-283-855
Fax: +31-847-300-405
Email: freelottointer at netscape.net
DEN-HAAG, THE NETHERLANDS.

Please be informed that NON RESIDENCE of THE NETHERLANDS will be required to make a NON DEDUCTABLE advance payment of processment and legal documentation charges of (?998.10 Cent) Nine Hundred And Ninety Eight Euro Ten Cent, to enable our legal department acquire Notorisation papers from the Court prior to award payment policy as required by the paying Securiry Company. Please be aware that your Paying Authority will Effect Payment Swiftly upon satisfactory Report, Verifications and validation provided by our Processing Agent; that would be designated to your file. For due processment and remittance of your winning prize to your designated account of your choice. Remember, all prize money must be claimed not later than 20th of May 2005. After this date, all funds will be returned as unclaimed.

NOTE: In order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications, please remember to quote your reference.And batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with your agent. Furthermore, should there be any change of your address, do inform your claims agent as soon as possible. Congratulations once again from our team of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program. Note: Anybody under the age of 18 is AUTOMATICALY DISQUALIFIED.

And batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with your agent. Furthermore, should there be any change of your address, do inform your claims agent as soon as possible. Congratulations once again from our team of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program. Note: Anybody under the age of 18 is AUTOMATICALYDISQUALIFIED.
Yours sincerely,

Mrs. Sophia Halendale
Promotions Manager
The Lotto Company
Netherlands & Europe.




From qwang001 at netscape.net  Sat May 28 20:30:13 2005
From: qwang001 at netscape.net (QIN WANG)
Date: Sat, 28 May 2005 20:30:13 +0200
Subject: [Luca-erp-users] YOUR ADVICE
Message-ID: <200505281830.j4SIUBm26939@bat.berlios.de>

Qin Wang
Lloyds TSB Pacific Limited 
Hong Kong Branch
        
Thank you for giving me your time. Please be patient and read my email to you.
I am a staff of Lloyds TSB Group attached in private Banking Services. I am contacting you concerning a customer and, an investment placed under our banks management 3 years ago, I contacted you independently of our investigation and no one is informed of this communication and I would like to intimate you with certain facts that I believe would be of interest to you.

In 2000, the subject matter; ref: bb/tsb/bank/73 came to our bank to engage in business discussions with our Private Banking Services Department. He informed us that he had a financial portfolio of 8.35 million United States Dollars, which he wished to have us turn over on his behalf. I was the officer assigned to his case; I made numerous suggestions in line with my duties as the de-facto chief operations officer of the Private Banking Services Department, especially given the volume of funds he wished to put into our bank. We met on numerous occasions prior to any investments being placed. I encouraged him to consider various growth funds with prime ratings. The favoured route in my advice to customers is to start by assessing data on 600 traditional stocks and bond managers and alternative investments. Based on my advice, we spun the money around various opportunities and made attractive margins for our first months of operation, the accrued profit and interest stood at this point at over 10 million United States Dollars, this margin was not the full potential of the fund but he desired low risk guaranteed returns on investments. 

In mid 2001, he asked that the money be liquidated because he needed to make an urgent investment requiring cash payments in Europe. He directed that I liquidate the funds and had it deposited with a firm in Europe. I informed him that our bank would have to make special arrangements to have this done and in order not to circumvent due process, the bank would have to make a 9.5 % deduction from the funds to cater for banking and statutory charges. He complained about the charges but later came around when I explained to him the complexities of the task he was asking of us.Cash movement across borders has become especially strict since the incidents of 9/11.  I contacted my affiliate in Europe and had the funds available in main land Europe. I undertook all the processes and made sure I followed his precise instructions to the letter and had the funds deposited in a security consultancy firm, the firm is a specialist private firm that accepts deposits from high net worth individuals and blue chip corporations that handle valuable products or undertake transactions that need immediate access to cash. This small and highly private organization is familiar especially to the highly placed and well-connected organizations. In line with instructions, the money was deposited. He told me he wanted the money there in anticipation of his arrival from Norway later that week. This was the last communication we had, this transpired around 25th February 2002. In June last year, we got a call from the security firm informing us of the inactivity of that particular portfolio.This was an astounding position as far as I was concerned, given the fact that I managed the private banking sector I was the only one who knew about the deposit, and I could not understand why he had not come forward to claim his deposit. I made futile efforts to locate him I immediately passed the task of locating him to the internal investigations department of our bank. Four days later, information started to trickle in, that he was apparently dead.  A person who suited his description was declared dead of a heart attack in Cannes, South of France. We were soon enough able to identify the body and cause of death was confirmed. The bank immediately launched an investigation into possible surviving next of kin to alert about the situation and also to come forward to claim his estate. If you are familiar with private banking affairs, those who patronize our services usually prefer anonymity, but also some levels of detachment from conventional processes. In his bio-data form, he listed no next of kin. In the field of private banking, opening an account with us means no one will know of its existence, accounts are rarely held under a name; depositors use numbers and codes to make the accounts anonymous. This bank also gives the choice to depositors of having their mail sent to them or held at the bank itself, ensuring that there are no traces of the account and as I said, rarely do they nominate next of kin. Private banking clients apart from not nominating next of kin also usually in most cases leave wills in our care, in this case; he died in testate. What I wish to relate to you will smack of unethical practice but I want you to understand something. It is only an outsider to the banking world who finds the internal politics of the banking world aberrational. The world of private banking especially is fraught with huge rewards for those who occupy certain offices and oversee certain portfolios. You should have begun by now to put together the general direction of what I propose. There is US$ 28,000,000.00 deposited, I alone have the deposit details and they will release the deposit to no one unless I instruct them to do so. I alone know of the existence of this deposit for as far as the finance firm, the transaction with our deceased customer concluded when I sent the funds to the firm, all outstanding interactions in relation to the file are just customer services and due process. The finance firm has no single idea of what's the history or nature of the deposit. They are simply awaiting instructions to release the deposit to any party that comes forward. This is the situation. This bank has spent great amounts of money trying to track this man's family; they have investigated for months and have found no family. The investigation has come to an end. My proposal; you share similar details to the late fellow; I am prepared to place you in a position to instruct the finance firm to release the deposit to you as the closest surviving relation. Upon receipt of the deposit, I am prepared to share the money with you in half and no more. That is: I will simply nominate you as the next of kin and have them release the deposit to you. We share the proceeds 50/50.

I would have gone ahead to ask the funds be released to me, but that would have drawn a straight line to me and my involvement in claiming the deposit. But on the other hand, you with a similar name as the original depositor would easily pass as the beneficiary with the rights to claim. I assure you that I could have the deposit released to you in a few days. I will simply inform our bank of the final closing of the file relating to the customer. I will then officially communicate with the finance company and instruct them to release the deposit to you. With these two things: all is done. The alternative would be for us to have the firm direct the funds to another bank with you as account holder. This way there will be no need for you to think of receiving the money from the firm. We can fine-tune this based on our interactions.  I am aware of the consequences of this proposal. I ask that if you find no interest in this project that you should discard this mail. I ask that you do not be vindictive or destructive. If my offer is of no appeal to you, delete this message and forget I ever contacted you. Do not destroy my career because you do not approve of my proposal. You may not know this but people like myself who have made tidy sums out of comparable situations run the whole private banking sector. I am not a criminal and what I do; I do not find against good conscience, this may be hard for you to understand, but the dynamics of my industry dictates that I make this move. Such opportunities only come ones' way once in a lifetime. I cannot let this chance pass me by I hope you understand because for once I found myself in total control and face to face with my destiny. These chances won't pass me by. I ask that you do not destroy my chance, if you will not work with me let me know and let me move on with my life but do not destroy me. I am a family man and this is an opportunity to provide them with new opportunities. There is a reward for this project and it is a task well worth undertaking. I have evaluated the risks and the only risk I have here is from you refusing to work with me and alerting my bank. I am the only one who knows of this situation, good fortune has blessed you with a name that has planted you into the center of relevance in my life. Let's share the blessing. 

If you find yourself able to work with me, contact me through this email account dwangq2003 at yahoo.com. If you give me positive signals, I will initiate this process towards a conclusion.

 I wish to inform you that should you contact me via official channels; I will deny knowing you and about this project. I repeat, I do not want you contacting me through my official phone lines nor do I want you contacting me through my official email account. Contact me only through this email address. I do not want any direct link between you and me. My official lines are not secure lines as they are periodically monitored to assess our level of customer care in line with our Total Quality Management Policy. Please observe this instruction religiously. Please, again, note I am a family man; I happily married with two kids. I send you this mail not without a measure of fear as to what the consequences might be, but I know within me that nothing ventured is nothing gained and that success and riches never come easy or on a platter of gold. This is the one truth I have learned from my private banking clients. Do not betray my confidence. If we can be of one accord, we should plan a meeting, soon. I await your response.
Sincerely,
Qin Wang   

